# Routing

### Required knowledge

Angular Reactive Forms
Validation

### Wireframe

A wireframe of the finished form can be found in this folder.
For IntelliJ users a PlantUML plugin is needed to view it.

## Creator

First we will create a few simple fields to create a new Monster inside you create-monster component.
This will not have all possible fields for a Monster yet.

- Write a simple html form for creating a new Monster.
  - It should have
    - A text input for the name
    - A drop-down for an element
      - FIRE should be pre-selected as default
    - A number input for maxEnergy
    - a number input for maxHealth
  - There should be a **CREATE!** button
    - On click a new Monster is created and logged into the console
      - Hint: Add mocked parts to the new Monster so the type matches. These fields will be created later
    - On click the form should reset to its default stage

## Validators

Right now a rather broken Monster can be created. This should be improved with validation

- Configure the following fields with validators
  - name should be required
  - maxEnergy and maxHealth should be greater than 0 but smaller than 100
- If the form in invalid, the **CREATE!** button should be disabled

## Resistances

Monster should als have resistances

- Implement a group of checkboxes to select zero, any or all elements
  - This field has no validation

## Attacks

A Monster can have multiple attacks. Each attack has a name, a damage value and an energyCost.
Element of the attack does not need to be specified at this point, because it is always the same as the element of the monster.

- Add attacks to the form
  - There should be a plus button that dynamically adds a row of input field for the three fields of an attack
  - At the side of each of this rows should be an X button to remove this row again
